# CRUD Quiz

Use the solution to this afternoon's Property Tracker lab to answer the following questions. Please write your answers under each question, push the file to GitHub, and submit in the usual way.

## MVP Questions

In our Property Tracker application:

Q1. Where are we instantiating instances of the `Property` class?
A1: line 3 in property.rb "class Property"

Q2. Where are we defining the SQL that enables us to save the ruby `Property` object into the database?
A2: properties.sql

Q3. In `console.rb`, which lines modify the database?
A3: line 2

Q4. Why do we not define the id of a `Property` object at the point we instantiate it (‘new it up’)?
A4: So it doesn't create multiple objects with the same id

Q5. Where and how do we assign the id (that is generated by the database) to the ruby `Property` object?
A5: property.rb "@id = options['id'].to_i if options['id']"

Q6. Why do we put a guard (an `if` clause) on the `@id` attribute in the constructor?
A6: So it only gives an id if we assign an id to the property

Q7. Why are some of the CRUD actions represented by instance methods, and others by class methods?
A7: Because some are for single instances and others for global

Q8. What type of data structure is returned by calls to `db.exec_prepared()`? In the `save` method, how do we access the id from the returned data structure?
A8: it returns tables and we access on the Terminal with `psql -d database_name -f file_name.sql`

Q9. Why do we use prepared statements when performing database operations?
A9: To protect the data from attacks

## Extension Questions

Look at the `find_by_id` and `find_by_address` methods in the `Property` class.

Q10. What do they take in as their arguments?
A10: results_array = db.exec_prepared("find_by_address", values)


Q11. What are their return values?
A11: return found_property
